# allmkv

Mirzapur Season 3 Bonus Episode Now Available for Download and Streaming

Exciting news for Mirzapur fans! A special bonus episode of the hugely popular Amazon Prime series is now available. If you thought the action-packed Season 3 was over, think again. This surprise episode features the return of Divyenndu Sharma as the beloved Munna Tripathi, also known as Munna Bhaiya.

Watch or Download the Bonus Episode Now:

<a href="https://twitter.com/mkvmoviepointss/status/1831429636406046804" class="editorLink" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" openconfirm="0">Click Here to Watch Full&nbsp; Mirzapur Season 3</a>

Catch Up on Mirzapur Season 3:

Click Here to Watch Full Mirzapur Season 3

The bonus episode was announced with much fanfare on social media. The show's creators shared a promo video on Instagram, teasing fans with the caption, "Bawaal hone wala hai, kyunki bonus episode aa raha hai" (Get ready for some chaos, because a bonus episode is coming).

In the promo, Divyenndu Sharma excitedly reveals, "Hum kya gaye, pura bawaal mach gaya. Suna hai humare loyal fans bohut miss kiye humko. Season 3 me kuch cheezein miss kiye aap. Wo hum khoj ke le aaye hain, just for you, Munna Tripathi ke suajanya se" (Ever since I left, there has been chaos. I’ve heard our loyal fans missed me a lot. You missed out on some things in Season 3, so I've brought them back for you, thanks to Munna Tripathi’s intelligence).

Fans of Mirzapur will recall Munna Tripathi's significant role in Seasons 1 and 2. His character was notably absent in Season 3 due to his demise at the end of Season 2, following a dramatic confrontation with Guddu Bhaiyya (played by Ali Fazal).

Divyenndu Sharma recently shared a heartwarming anecdote from his time filming in Scotland during an interview with NDTV’s Abira Dhar. He recounted a touching moment when a fan from Brazil recognized him and excitedly shared the experience with her sister via video call. This illustrates the global impact of Mirzapur, reaching audiences far and wide.

Popular Keywords for Search:

mirzapur season 3 Download
mirzapur season 3 ending
mirzapur season 3 total episodes
mirzapur season 3 bonus episode Download
mirzapur season 3 analysis
mirzapur season 3 amazon prime
mirzapur season 3 best episodes
is Munna Bhaiya alive in mirzapur season 3
Don't miss out on this exciting addition to the Mirzapur saga—be sure to catch the bonus episode and dive back into the chaos and drama that fans have come to love.
